hey YouTube is mr. Austin search for ten
here and as the title video title says
be showing you how to reset your stats
with with steam so this is not a hacked
version of or skid-row version of mw2
this is the full version d by uniform
store where you know from the steam
store that matter anyway as you can see
i'm first Persis level 8 my account was
recently hacked and i really don't like
that i like to earn everything and
normally didn't give me all the titles
this must have been like I want to be
hack or something like that cuz you can
obviously see that it didn't really hang
me I guess it just leveled me up I guess
I don't know the difference Windows or
not whatever don't matter um but it did
give me a lot of the envelopes just not
the other half yeah like I said I have
no idea what happened um so anyway I
want to reset my level and I'll show you
guys how to do this it's really easy um
and if you just look up you know how to
reset a level in mw2 with steam on
YouTube or something like that uh but
quite a few videos pop up and do that
two seconds ago strict now it's open huh
awesome
anyway yeah so if you look if you look
that up on YouTube you know it comes
with a bunch of videos but I already
looked at like half of them and not a
whole lot of them I'll show you that
that one step that they forget that you
that is completely necessary otherwise
it will not work ever okay so let's go
ahead and quit from this okay so once
you're out of mw2 um is what you're
going to do and if you've seen other
videos you you know you've seen this
before you go start computer Compaq see
whatever your main drive is okay and
then what you want to get or what you
want
oh wait Fleur sorry sorry about that
exit out first very first thing which is
the step that everyone misses open up
your steam okay and then go to view or
steam or whatever doesn't really matter
how you get to it just get to your
settings
okay it's very for earth it's not on
account it is on downloads and cloud
click on that alright all the way down
at the bottom series two you want to
uncheck the enable steam cloud
synchronization for applications which
it's support or which support it okay
uncheck that
so what means now is steam will not
steam will not change the game files
that it has um in its cloud storage
compared to your to your local storage
okay that's that is what the problem is
so in every other video what they're
doing they're only resetting the level
um for the local and you want to do it
uh you know like game wide you know
whatever internet wide so that's what
you have to do so now it will not sync
it anymore and it won't um it won't
reset anything or do anything like that
so once you do that you can click OK and
minimize or access out I'll just
minimize it for now
now you want to go to a computer then C
program files 86 um go to your steam
steamapps common called UT mono for two
players okay and then anything over here
that says a staff file you want to
delete all of those so let's go ahead
leak these alright so there's not that
left now you want to go back into the
main steam directory go to user data
alright um in some videos that go here
and delete that and others they just
flat-out delete the entire folder so I'm
just going to do that just delete that
whole thing right there I just make sure
you know that everything's gone that
there's no chance that you know
something might mess up and you're still
at st. level so once you do that you can
exit out empty your recycling bin you
know I only started like to do that just
make sure it's completely gone and you
know in if you don't think this is going
to work but you don't want to mess
anything up you can go ahead and copy
and paste all those files that I just
deleted into like a different thing so
now we're going to go back into
called you tomorrow for two and see if
this work
alright hey YouTube yeah I'm back in and
let's go ahead and see if I'm level 1
and there we are level 1 you know first
title and emblem where things lock all
your basic stuffs still there all stats
are down to 0
Oh everything is reset that's how you do
that and then if you likes just say in
the beginning you want to you want to
reset it and then you go ahead and and
do this and you reset it and then you're
like yeah I don't know I sort of want it
that back you can do it guys
it's completely you know you can do that
all you have to do is go back out to the
desktop ok so once you are back at the
desktop what you do is you go back and
open your steam back up again but I
already have it minimize down here so
you open that back up get back to your
settings ok um go ahead recheck this ok
minimize it go ahead start mw2 back up
now before you do this the first one are
like I think the very first time that
you restart it it will come up like with
an like not an error but like a notice
and it'll say something like um cloud
files are different from local files
what do you want us to do give it and
then it'll give you an option to
download cloud files to the computer or
upload computer files to the cloud now
what do you want what you want to do is
download the cloud files to the computer
ok so then you know what you click on
that it might download a little bit you
know probably like 5 seconds I found at
the most and then it'll go ahead and
automatically start and ob2 up
and then once I searched nw2 of being go
ahead and click on play alright and
there you go there's your previous level
from your modded profile or you know
just your high-low higher level 11 so
yeah that is how you reset your level
and then also how you reset it back to
your previous level um yeah thanks
comment rate subscribe you know whatever
uh so see you